(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
You're going to destroy
Duel Academy?
How can you when
I'm turning you into cards?
(Sora)
Get out of here!
(Yuri)
Two traitorous rats
have hit the stage.
You keep moving!
Find the Professor
and stop him!
(both)
Let's duel!
So if this card is
your key to victory,
I'll make sure you
never use it.
Fusion Destruction!
It lets me banish
three Polymerization cards
from your deck,
and you take 300 points
of damage for each one.
You're about to take
900 points of damage.
(groans)
You can walk away from here
just like I did,
and you'll be free.
I've got a better idea.
Why don't I drag you
all the way down with me!
I Fusion Summon!
Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem!
Eliminate the rest
of her life points!
(screaming)
I will keep carding people
in all four dimensions
until I finally stand alone!
Then the whole universe
will be as perfect as I am!
(diabolical laughter)
It's over.
(screaming)
(Yuri)
Oh, Sora. You're up next.
(student)
That way.
They're holding Zuzu up there
in the lab.
Thank you.
Zuzu!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
(thinking)
I have to find Kite.
Sis...
You just stay here, Shay.
I'll go find Kite.
I know he'll help!
(thinking)
Really?
Which way could he have gone?
(snickering)
Aww, poor Lulu.
My little lamb is lost.
Then allow me to help.
(snickering)
With a little nudge
of your mind.
(gasps)
I have...
to go...
this way.
(Yuya)
This has to be the lab.
Zuzu's behind this door.
Finally.
Hey, Zuzu!
Zuzu?
You here?
Just great.
He lied to me.
Huh?
Zuzu? Zuzu!
Check your eyes.
Huh?
That's Lulu.
(Yuya)
You mean Shay's sister?
She's cute.
I guess she got
the good genes.
(both)
Hey, are you all right, Lulu?
How do you know my name?
I'm Yuya Sakaki.
Um, okay...
Look, I'd love
to sit and chat,
but I'll explain
everything
once I get you
off this island.
No, I'm not going anywhere
until you help Shay.
What?
Shay's here?
Like you actually saw him?
Mm‐hmm.
But he's really, really hurt.
This is bad.
We have to help him, Yuya.
Hmm.
Just lead the way, Lulu.
Okay?
Sure.
Oh, she'll be leading you
all right.
Straight to your demise!
(gasps)
What's the holdup?
Lulu?
Prepare to duel!
(chuckles)
Lulu?
It's like she's a totally
different person.
Yeah, you're right, I've never
seen her like this before.
If you refuse to duel me,
then I'll simply turn you
into a card.
I'll bet you hundred to one
that Duel Academy
scrambled her brain.
Then it's our job
to unscramble it!
Ha!
I dare you.
Get ready!
(both)
'Cause together,
we'll break Duel Academy's
control over your mind!
Generating Action Field:
Crossover.
(both)
Let's duel!
I'm going first!
Huh?
These are Yuto's cards.
He wants me to
play his deck to get
through to Lulu.
You ready, Yuya?
Yeah.
I'll get this show started...
with three facedowns.
Three facedown cards without
summoning a single monster?
I've seen this strategy.
(Yuto)
Try to remember, Lulu...
(crowd screaming)
(man)
We gotta get out of here!
(screaming continues)
(grunting)
(Lulu)
This is wrong.
Teacher always said,
dueling's about keeping the
world entertained and smiling.
It should make people happy,
bring smiles to kids' faces
and hope for their futures.
Isn't that right, Saya?
You know, you said it
yourself, Lulu.
(both)
We're only supposed to duel
to make people happy.
To give the world hope and joy!
And you aren't doin' that!
(quivering)
(both)
So snap out of it!
We know this isn't
the real you!
How do you know, Yuya?
(both)
'Cause I'm also Yuto!
(gasps)
Yuto?
Yuto...
No, you're psycho!
It's my turn!
When neither one of us have
any monsters on our fields,
I can summon Lyrilusc
Turquoise Warbler!
And why settle at one monster?
Turquoise Warbler lets me summon
another Lyrilusc from my hand!
Sapphire Swallow swoops on in,
giving me two monsters
on my field!
I overlay Turquoise Warbler
and Sapphire Swallow
to build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Lyrilusc,
Assembled Nightingale!
This beauty has
two special abilities!
First, she gains
100 attack points
for each of her Overlay Units!
(Yuya and Yuto)
And I know the second.
She can attack twice
instead of once.
Correct.
I'm quite surprised
that you know so much
about this card.
As if you've seen it before.
Maybe you really are Yuto.
Either way...
...here's one card
you've never seen!
(both gasp)
My spell card
Parasite Discharge allows me
to summon a Fusion Parasite
from my deck!
Ahh!
Lulu's never
had that monster in her
deck before.
She does now.
(laughing)
Not so predictable
anymore, am I?
Because I've learned so much
since I came here.
Like how I can use Fusion
Parasite to Fusion Summon
without Polymerization!
No way!
She can Fusion Summon?
Watch as I join my Lyrilusc
Assembled Nightingale
and my Fusion Parasite together!
From these two will come
a mighty, majestic monster.
Look high to the sky
as I Fusion Summon...
Lyrilusc Independent
Nightingale!
Then my pretty Parasite attaches
onto my Nightingale!
This Fusion Monster
is soooo much better
than my lame Xyz Monster.
Because she gains
a level for every one
of Assembled Nightingale's
Overlay Units!
Making her Level 3!
Plus, she gets 500 extra
attack points per level,
raising her to 2,500!
But the best part of all
is that your life points
take 500 points
of damage per level!
(gasps)
Haaa...
(grunting)
I bet that Parasite card's
messing with her.
Lulu's dueling style
was never this cruel.
Yeah.
She's quite the charmer.
(giggling)
Let's crush that gnat!
And Lulu will be back
to normal.
Time to put the pest
to rest!
(Shay)
It won't work.
(Yuya)
Shay!
(both)
Are you okay?
Destroying Fusion Parasite
isn't enough to save her.
Who invited
that lollygagger?
(giggling)
I had the exact
same idea as you.
So I destroyed that Parasite
in our duel.
Lulu, are you okay?
You must keep attacking.
(Shay, thinking)
She seemed back to the Lulu
I know and love.
But look...
It didn't last.
(both)
Then tell us what we can do
to make it stick.
By getting to the root
of the problem.
The Professor must
hold the cure.
It's our only chance.
I hope I'm not interrupting...
but it still happens
to be my turn!
Huh?
Let's fight!
Lyrilusc Independent
Nightingale...
Attack him directly and blast
the rest of his life points!
Not when I have my trap cards!
The Phantom Knights
of Lost Vambrace!
These two traps will
prevent you from destroying
any of our monsters
this turn.
And they also each lower
your Nightingale's attack points
by 600.
So your bird's wings
are clipped by 1,200.
And these cards aren't only
traps, they're also monsters!
Ready to step in the way
of your Nightingale!
Big deal!
They only have
600 attack points!
You still take damage, Yuya.
(screaming)
Well, at least he survived.
(grunting)
Hey, Shay, you gotta give me
more credit than that.
You sound like
I don't know what I'm doing.
Watch this!
Since I took damage,
The Phantom Knight's
Twin Medals...
(both)
...lets us use our two Phantom
Knights to Xyz Summon!
Oh, no!
An Xyz Summon?!
Your attack helped us
much more than it hurt!
Here we go!
(Yuya)
We use two Phantom Knights
to build the Overlay Network!
Presenting a warrior
who's bad to the bone!
We Xyz Summon!
The Phantom Knights
of Cursed Javelin!
Well done!
My Knight's effect's
gonna take the sails
out of your Nightingale.
By using one Overlay Unit,
his javelin not only blasts away
your Nightingale's
special abilities,
but all her attack points, too!
(deep sigh)
This is nothing more
than a temporary setback!
I end my turn!
Yuya, I hate to dash...
but if you got things
under control here,
I'm going after
the Professor.
Go.
(both gasp)
(thud)
Celina?!
Looks like your brain's
still bamboozled, too.
Yuya and Yuto,
how chivalrous
that you were dueling
two‐on‐one.
It's only fair
to even up the sides.
Intrusion penalty:
2,000 life points.
What does Duel Academy
know about fair?
(Doctor snickering)
At last, the real fun
is about to begin.
(Doctor snickering)
It's my turn.
I'll begin by summoning
my Fusion Parasite.
That bug again!
Yeah.
And I follow that up
by activating
my spell Parasite Factory.
(gasps)
It can't be...
Those look like... eggs.
Thousands of them.
(Doctor)
Yes! To hatch more parasites!
(snickering)
I'm borrowing
your monster, Lulu.
Of course.
Anything it takes to win.
With the power of my Parasite
Factory, I can send my Fusion
Parasite and Lulu's infected
monster to the graveyard
in order to Fusion Summon.
You could barely handle
my baby insects.
See how you fare
against their ruler.
I Fusion Summon!
The mighty monarch,
Parasite Queen!
Yes, I've done it!
No one has ever reached
my heights of evolution
and scientific achievement!
Now destroy him,
my lovely!
(diabolical laughter)
(both gasp)
The two Fusion Parasites
that went to the graveyard
are equipped
onto my Queen instead,
infusing her body with 300
additional attack points each.
None of that is gonna
help you out, Celina!
By using Cursed Javelin's
Overlay Unit,
your Queen loses
all her attack points!
You're not taking her crown.
Parasite Factory
shields my Queen
from your special abilities.
No! She still has
all her attack points!
Brace yourself,
Yuya!
Here goes.
My royal highness,
say a quick good night
to his Phantom Knight.
(screaming)
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Heh. You stand no chance
against Duel Academy's best.
But wait,
you're not on Duel Academy's
side anymore, Celina.
Remember?
You left them
and joined us to be free.
But I am free.
(gasps)
Free to follow
the Professor's orders.
You gotta be kidding!
You see those?
Those eggs were created by
the Professor's right‐hand man.
The Doctor.
The Doctor?
And they'll all hatch
into lovely parasites.
"Lovely" and "parasite" don't
go in the same sentence.
And in fact...
I got one right here.
No way!
So it's not the Parasite card
that's controlling her.
It's an actual parasite
in her brain.
And Yuya?
Zuzu's been infected, too.
Huh? Zuzu...
Oh, no!
Zuzu... no.
(giggles)
Why do you look
so sad?
The Doctor freed us to hurt
anyone whenever we like.
You should be happy.
Join us, Yuya.
And the joy you'll feel
when you crush your foe‐‐
(Yuya)
Never!
What kind of monster
would harm Zuzu?!
(screaming)
Yuya!
Get a grip! Yuya!
(growls)
Yuya!
You're not the only one
who's upset.
And I'll do
something about it.
(both gasping)
Yuto?
I sense there's something
different about him now.
The other one
must have taken over.
Now it's my turn!
And I'll kick this off
by activating The Phantom
Knights' Rank‐Up‐Magic Burial!
This spell allows me to summon
a Phantom Knight Xyz Monster
from my graveyard.
Rise from the ashes, The Phantom
Knights of Cursed Javelin!
Lulu...
(giggles)
Ahh...
That girl's amazing.
My sis has skills.
And looks.
(gasps)
You must be Yuto.
Shay raves about you.
Uh, uh...
Then Rank‐Up‐Magic Burial
lets me tribute
The Phantom Knights
Of Cursed Javelin
to summon a monster that's two
ranks higher from my extra deck.
I Xyz Summon!
Hmm, your Lyrilusc deck
is technically solid.
Build it yourself?
Of course.
When I play those cards,
I also feel like I'm soaring
through the sky and singing
through the wind.
(chuckles)
Corny, right?
(Yuto)
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective...
I call upon the most dangerous
of Dragons!
Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
After a whole day of dueling,
I'm completely wiped out.
I could use a nap.
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!
Take this duel
to the next level!
(growls)
Lulu...
I didn't travel
through dimensions
to leave empty‐handed.
Yeah!
Neither did I!
I won't be stopped this close
to the end!
Especially by a bug!
Lulu, Celina, Rin...
...and Zuzu!
(both)
They're coming with us!
(snickering)
The only thing coming
is your defeat, Yuya...
in front of those
you seek to rescue!
(diabolical laughter)